If you have obtained the list of data types required for the pyg package, use 
```python
python train.py
```
 to obtain the cross validation results of the MGNN-NPI model.

If you wish to apply this model to new protein or peptide data, please follow the steps below.

Firstly, modify the corresponding line in Alphafoldeasyuse.py to the path of your fasta file. This Python code was refactored from the code provided in "Mirdita M, Schütze K, Moriwaki Y, Heo L, Ovchinnikov S, Steinegger M. ColabFold: Making protein folding accessible to all. Nature Methods, 2022", allowing you to submit an entire file instead of submitting a sequence line by line. We strongly recommend that you run this code on Google Collaboration or other high-performance servers.

```python
python Alphafoldeasyuse.py
```

Secondly, you need to download all the folders you have obtained and extract the PDB files from them through PDBextraction. py. Because the downloaded folder not only contains PDB files, but also a series of images and log files generated by the program.

```python
 python PDBextraction. py
```

The third step is to convert the obtained PDB file into data format data in the pyg package and save it as a data list. Realize this goal through pdb2data.py. At this point, you need to set a threshold to establish edges for amino acids that are closer than the threshold. This article suggests setting the threshold to 4.5.

```python
python pdb2data.py
```

Assuming you have obtained a list of data types in the pyg package.  Follow the steps below to add all sequence and structural features used or deleted in this article, or you can modify the feature extraction code to add your own features.
1 Graphfeatures.py integrates all structure based features used in this article.
2 Seqfeatures.py integrates all sequence based features used in this article.
3 RF_f_select.py use RF for feature filtering.

Then you could use MGNN-NPI.py to traverse all selected features and ultimately obtain the optimal combination of features and corresponding evaluation metrics.

```python
python MGNN-NPI.py
```
